#summary GTRobot's summary index page.

= Introduction =
Gtrobot is a gtalk robot. It provides some exiciting functions basing on Google Talk. And, we are enhancing more exciting functions basing on the flexible GTRobot's framework. Please join the [http://groups.google.com/group/GTRobot GTRobot's Group] to recieve the following update messages. Also, we are posting our ideas and progress on [http://gtrobot.blogspot.com/ GTRobot's blog], if you have any idea or suggest please post them back directly.

Firstly, please have a view of _*[http://code.google.com/p/gtalkrobot/wiki/usage "How to use GTRobot"]*_ to experience in GTRobot.

= Function =
GTRobot providing function list:
  * Group chatting
    # Public broadcast group chatting
    # Private broadcast group chatting (Working...)
    # Away status setting
    # Private message sending
    # Anonymous-chatting (No-lighting-chat)
  * Multi-language support
    # English
    # Chinese
    # Japanese
    # More...
  * Foreign language leaning (Working...)
    # Word collecting
    # Word seaching
    # Word leanring
  * Quiz system (Not yet...)
    # Single question
    # Serialized questions
  * Account management (Working...)

= Feature =
GTRobot is written in java. It was designed as a flexible framework for future customized extension. 

Key features:
  * Multi-worker thread pool framework
  * Simple command/processor framework
  * Interactive command/processor framework
  * Data access framework
  * Data cache frameworking

== Dependence ==
Dependence List:
  * [http://www.jivesoftware.org/smack/ Jive Software Smack]
  * [http://ehcache.sourceforge.net/ Ehcache]
  * Log4J
  * Apache Commons Pool
  * Apache Commons Logging
  * Apache Commons dbcp
  * Apache Commons collections

= External Links =
  * [http://talk.google.com/ Google talk]
  * [http://coders.meta.net.nz/~perry/jabber/confbot.php Google Talk: Conference Bot]
  * [http://www.customizetalk.com/ Customize Talk]

= How to join this project =
If you are interesting in participate in the development of GTRobot, please post in [http://groups.google.com/group/GTRobot GTRobot's Group]  or [http://gtrobot.blogspot.com/ GTRobot's blog]. 

We are hoping to make more improvement in GTRobot development, so anyone's help are appreciated. 

